Fix segfault on ARM MacOS caused by multiprocessing (#732)
AequilibraE/AequilibraE: docs/source/useful_links/installation.rst

  The Windows App Store ships a version of Python that contains an sqlite dll that does not support the loading of extensions. This means that Spatialite will not be loaded, and therefore AequilibraE will not work properly.

macOS
^^^^^

> AequilibraE no longer provides wheel files for macOS. To build AequilibraE from source, you will need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AequilibraE does not provide pre-built wheel files for macOS. When installing from PyPi, the source distribution will be used and the library will be compiled locally. AequilibraE can also be built from source. For both methods you will need to:
```

> 1. Install LLVM: ``brew install llvm``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install LLVM or another C/C++ compiler with OpenMP support: ``brew install llvm``
```
